# Security Policy for ArgoCD Interlace

## Preface

ArgoCD Interlace is a pluggable Application controller that enables software supply chain security in ArgoCD's GitOps mechanism by adding authenticity of the manifest and the traceability to the source materials.

To achieve this goal, ArgoCD Interlace requires API access to call ArgoCD API so that it can get manifests generated by ArgoCD.
For that, ArgoCD Interlace uses ArgoCD admin username and password, and it gets these credentials from a Kubernetes secret in ArgoCD namespace.
To read the secret and some other ArgoCD configurations, ArgoCD Interlace creates a ClusterRole with a read only permission for ArgoCD resources. This is only for reading configurations and it does not require any write permission for ArgoCD resourcs.

Also, because ArgoCD Interlace records provenance of each generated manifest and store the provenance somewhere in a specified place, it requires access to the provenance store. Provenance data will be stored in a Kubernetes resource (ApplicationProvenance) by default, but you can configure settings to use some external destination such as a remote server or an external cloud object storage. In the case, ArgoCD Interlace also requires access to the external provenance store and the configuration needs to be done when it starts.

## Security Scans

We use the static code analysis tool, golangci-lint, for compile time linting.

This is run on each pull request and before each release.

Additionally, Dependabot is configured to scan and report new security vulnerabilities in our dependancy tree on a daily basis.


## Reporting a Vulnerability

If you find a security related bug in ArgoCD Interlace, we kindly ask you 
for responsible disclosure and for giving us appropriate time to react, 
analyze and develop a fix to mitigate the found security vulnerability.

Please report vulnerabilities by e-mail to the following address: 

* muew@jp.ibm.com

All vulnerabilities and associated information will be treated with full confidentiality. 

## Public Disclosure

Security vulnerabilities will be disclosed via release notes and using the
[GitHub Security Advisories](https://github.com/argoproj-labs/argocd-interlace/security/advisories)
feature to keep our community well informed, and will credit you for your findings (unless you prefer to stay anonymous, of course).